Hey, didn't we say it all?
We have no money
Why did you pull the old woman to that place again?
What clothes are inside?
No one knows
There's a day's price hidden here
Oops, it's expensive to die for.
Get that out now!
Don't try to steal my money.
It's just that the old lady is getting old
Spending hundreds of thousands on medical treatment is a waste of money and food
Why don't you give us this money?
It would be great to buy a wedding room for my son then
Are you still human?
This patient is your mother
Is that so?
I'm afraid that your son will do the same to you in the future.
Hey, are you a doctor?
How dare you curse our patient's family?
I want to complain to you, okay?
I want to complain to you.
I want to tell you
Let you pay us for mental loss
Call your leader
The old lady sent you last night
The two at night are unwilling to see each other
The old lady only has one word
That old lady wants you old lady
Still can't get anything out
I've been seeing a doctor all these years
Let you know about men
There is still the face to do this kind of thing now
complaint
You still have the face to complain.
Did the doctor say something wrong?
Who are you 44
I haven't seen this bitch grow in a few years
It's useless with a fox
If you can find them a marriage
You must get a high bride price.
Then my son will not have to worry about not having a bride price to marry a wife
Yo, it's an affair
We all miss you if you don't go home for many years, hahaha.
Yeah, come on. Come home with me. Let's get married!